# Can-technology-replace-humans-
As we can see technology can perform accurately and efficiently. Humans are worried about their future as they believe that technology can replace humans.   human are worried about their own future from developing technology Machines can replace humans for many functions like farming equipment during industrial sectors .these machines are known as A.I, robots, machine learning. These kinds of technology work stronger, faster and smarter than humans because they are too lazy.  Simulated intelligence is a PC acting and choosing in manners that appear to be astute. In accordance with Alan Turing’s way of thinking, artificial intelligence mimics how people act, feel, talk, and choose. This sort of insight is amazingly valuable in an authoritative setting: In light of its mimicking capacities, simulated intelligence has the quality to distinguish educational examples that enhance patterns applicable to the work. Moreover, in spite of people, man-made intelligence never gets truly worn out and as long it’s taken care of information it will continue onward.  Yet, we can totally reject that on the grounds that different organizations are fostering their man-made brainpower and automated mastery with the possibility that through these they will actually want to-  Reduce expense Increment proficiency Offer new incentive Execute new plan of action Technology replace humans then humans and machines work together or not?  humans are working with technology In only a couple of brief years, suppositions have changed extensively. Research directed via Automation Anywhere in 2019 uncovered that our worldwide labour force is anxious to embrace AI and mechanization. Truth be told, 70% of labourers accept that AI and computerization will assist them with going about their responsibilities better, not supplant them. This is against only 30% of respondents who emphatically feel the inverse.  The assembling business is additionally profiting from the joined force of people and machines. “Farming is only one model  As such, people and machines have different ranges of abilities. “Individuals perform better in intricate, erratic conditions, which is the reason we’re better working that includes social connection, innovativeness and exploring the actual world  Innovation is trying different things with various frameworks that join the best of human and machine knowledge.  This has significant advantages as far as permitting new degrees of coordinated effort,” says Minister. “One single specialist will actually want to fix different frameworks from a distance, however at the same time, enormously intensifying the effect of a solitary individual.”  “At the point when machines and people work together they can prevail in regions like medication, by assisting with patient determination through picture acknowledgment; creditor liabilities, by handling a large number of solicitations in a more limited measure of time and decreasing possible mistakes on records; and lawful, by investigating a great many agreements for explicit conditions that may not conform to organization strategies,  Apple is chipping away at another remote charging innovation that can charge various gadgets simultaneously. In 2017, the organization reported another venture, AirPower, yet it didn’t hit the market.  The Cupertino-goliath Apple ceased the AirPower charger as it turned out poorly. The gadget was a matt Qi charger that was fit for charging three Apple gadgets. Last year, Apple delivered another remote charging innovation.  CONCLUSION All in all, while the usage of man-made consciousness will unquestionably make life much more helpful for humanity in the years to come and even power people to advance their ranges of abilities, it will maybe never be workable for such machines to totally supplant the human asset. Sooner or later, yes. Presumably. Consider how PCs have as of now have supplanted countless people in numerous inventive callings. No requirement for a calligrapher when you can essentially download one of the thousands of lovely kind confronted text styles directly onto your PC.  
